This is a course managment system where Students can do the following (languages used are html, php, css, and SQL):

1. A student can create an account and modify their information later. (The accounts for
admin and instructors are created in advance.) (10 points)
2. The admin will be able to create a new course section and appoint instructor to teach the
section. Every course section is scheduled to meet at a specific time slot, with a limit of
two sections per time slot. Each instructor teaches one or two sections per semester.
Should an instructor be assigned two sections, the two sections must be scheduled in
consecutive time slots. (10 points)
3. A student can browse all the courses offered in the current semester and can register for
a specific section of a course if they satisfy the prerequisite conditions and there is
available space in the section. (Assume each section is limited to 15 students). (10
points)
4. A student can view a list of all courses they have taken and are currently taking, along
with the total number of credits earned and their cumulative GPA. (10 points)
5. Instructors have access to records of all course sections they have taught, including
names of current semester's enrolled students and the names and grades of students
from past semesters. (10 points)
6. Teaching Assistants (TAs), who are PhD students, will be assigned by the admin to
sections with more than 10 students. A PhD student is eligible to be a TA for only one
section. (10 points)
7. Grader positions for sections with 5 to 10 students will be assigned by the admin with
either MS students or undergraduate students who have got A- or A in the course. If
there are more than one qualified candidates, the admin will choose one as the grader.
A student may serve as a grader for only one section. (10 points)
8. The admin or instructor can appoint one or two instructors as advisor(s) for PhD
students, including a start date, and optional end date. The advisor will be able to view
the course history of their advisees, and update their advisees’ information. (10 points)
9. Student can be put on the waitlist if section is full. 
Student can withdraw from class, and the one who is enrolled in the waitlist gets auto-enrolled.
10.Students can rate there professors and other students can view the rating for that professor.
